docs: advanced docs on running custom scripts (#7911)
meltano/meltano: docs/src/_guide/advanced-topics.md

The transformer and orchestrator plugin types are still supported for now but will eventually be phased out as utilities take over.

## Running Custom Scripts

In addition to the ability to build EDK based python utilities, Meltano also allows you to run arbitrary scripts as utilities.
This feature is usually helpful for user who need to do very minor tasks that don't require any additional dependencies.
It let you use Meltano in a very flexible manner to solve various use cases like set up or tear down tasks prior to running EL, interfacing with external services, etc.

> To run a python script, install a custom utility with a command that references the script as the executable:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run a python script present at the root of your project, add a custom utility with a command that references the script as the executable:
```

```yaml
utilities:
- name: my_script_util
  namespace: my_script_util
  commands:
    run_script:
      executable: python
      args: my_script.py
    run_another_script:
      executable: python
      args: my_other_script.py
```

> You install it as a utility then can run it just like any other Meltano [plugin command](/concepts/project#plugin-commands):

Reviewer: Does installing make sense if there's no pip URL?
